[Music]
Hedda Hopper speaking I'm talking from
the bedroom of Norma Desmond don't
bother with a rewrite man take this
direct ready as day breaks over the
muder house yes you'll read the big
black headlines about Norma Desmond and
this Hollywood scandal but you'll never
read the true story about the rest of us
who were part of it
me for instance Joe Gillis a promising
young writer from Dayton Ohio and Betty
that nice kid I met at a Hollywood party
who knew nothing about me but knew what
she wanted
don't you love Artie of course I loved
him I always will
I'm just not in love with him anymore
what happened who did well we should
have lived happily ever after like they
do in the movies but this was different
because this is a Hollywood story about
the people who make the movie the little
ones that you never hear of like Betty
and me the great ones like Cecil B
DeMille all those who knew Norma Desmond
a strange woman who left her mark on all
of us who crossed her path he has it
ever occurred you that I may have a life
of my own that there there may be some
girl that I'm crazy about some car for a
dress extra I'm trying to say is that
I'm all wrong for you you want a
Valentino somebody with polo ponies a
big shot
you're trying to say is you don't want
me to love you
say it Gloria Swanson one of the great
personalities of this generation in a
role that comes to an actress once in a
lifetime rising to the heights William
Holden creates a startling portrayal and
a new star is born in Sunset Boulevard
Miss Nancy Olson Joe where are you
what's this all about
why don't you come out and see for
yourself the address is 10086 Sunset
Boulevard yes come out to see for
yourself the film that reaches a new
milestone of traumatic daring the film
that every critic says is a giant among
motion picture
[Music]